Great. There you go. So, uh, ask away. All right, dude. Well, I I guess just for obviously I know what the enhanced games are, what the concept is, but just to kind of get it from yourself for the article, would you kind of give me a description of of what the concept is and what's your your vision for the enhanced games is? Yeah, the the enhanced games is the third instantiation of the Olympics. So remember the Olympics starts in ancient Greece. Um, and were reinvented in 1896 by Baron Pierre de Corbiton for his era, an era of nationalism of empire of the steamship. And now we're reinventing the Olympiad for the 21st century for an era of science of technology where we can push human achievement and boundaries uh beyond what we can even imagine today. It's such a cool such a cool concept man. Like that must feel it the feeling of having that like idea of like wait we can reinvent the Olympics again. We can do this a third time. How did that like idea come to you? What kind of statue was this quest? Uh, I had been studying the International Olympic Committee and sports in general for the better part of 20 years. Um, and it really wasn't my idea. People like Professor Julian Savas Rescue from Oxford University uh, had put out papers about um, a new Olympic Olympics where performance enhancements were allowed. But you know, simply quote we're not just reinventing the Olympics. We're not even just reinventing sport. We're reinventing medicine and even in some ways what it means to be human. I hope that the enhanced games becomes the um, you know, the equivalent of the um Apollo landing on the moon where we usher in a new era where humans 2.0 are among us. So, that's really what we're doing. We're saying we can become super human and I I define super humanity as where we are no longer limited by our biology. That that fits well with with the artwork behind you right there. Yeah, Barack Obama is Superman by Shepard Farley behind me. Yeah, yeah, it's awesome man. That's awesome. It um, it I I really like that kind of take on the the scientific like value of doing this and I really I I want to like dig into that a little bit but before we get to that, like how how long has this been something that you have been playing with realistically? Because like I, you know, I I know the idea has floated been floated around by academics and like even like, you know, in colleges and stuff kids are like, man, what if what if they just had that Olympic games where like they would just free rain for like the scientists to go nuts. Like the idea has been out there, but like when was it how long have you been on this path to like make this happen realistically? Yeah, so my The theory of social change is very simple. Change only happens when someone puts a suit on and goes to work every day trying to solve a problem. Change requires focus. So I you can't make change casually. Um, and so uh as part of my regular annual routine from Christmas until New Year is when no one else is working, I I take my idea of a vacation. I run a beautiful house on the beach uh and I take my laptop and I write the business plan for a new business, organization or movement that I've thought about creating. And in the cri in Christmas 2022, uh I rented a beautiful apartment in Miami and I and I sat down and I thought to myself, okay, well, I I was seeing what was happening with sports rights with live golf and I said, now is the opportunity to reinvent the Olympics. And I thought, you know what, from a blank piece of paper, how would I reinvent the Olympics? And it's not just saying, let's add drugs, but also So let's fix the other inherently broken aspects of the Olympic business model, principally about infrastructure, security and athlete remuneration. And that's where the enhanced games came to be and I I finished writing the business plan by New Year's Eve and every New Year's I have spent for almost every New Year's the last 15 years with Peter Teel. And over dinner, I I sort of explained to him I'm thinking about creating the you know the the enhanced Olympics where performance enhanced in drugs like steroids would be allowed and he said wow that's really cool. And I didn't say anything more beyond that. He just said that's really cool. That's all the validation I needed and I came back to London and I said you know what let me assemble a team let's be really focused and for a few months there we worked on it very diligently and that's where it came from. Wow, man. That is so wild. I I I imagine like someone like Peter Teel would see the benefits of not just like reinventing this thing that is a huge uh a huge form of entertainment and obviously valuable in that way but something that has like the scientific value that and potential that this that this has. What what was that all along kind of like woven into this idea of not just like reinventing it but like This is also going to be a huge platform for scientific research. Exactly. Yeah, that's right. So the so actually the very first person I spoke to about the concept of an enhanced games was my father. My father is a cardiologist by training and as a distinguished scientist. And I didn't tell him that I was going to build the enhanced games but I just posited the idea of an enhanced Olympics. And the first thing he said is the data that will come out of that will be so amazing for science. Yeah. Right. And and at the core of this project has always been a very rigorous scientific effort. Like I have a PhD myself. Um, you know, we have eminent clinicians and scientists, people like Professor George Church from Harvard, um, who are among our advisors. Um, and we've always sought to make this a very important scientific project because ultimately, an athlete is going to break war records. And the first thing everyone is going to say is, what is he on and how do I get it. Right. Because I think in the in the core of all of us we want to become super human, right? The most successful um film and television properties in the last uh quarter century have been superhero films. And so why shouldn't we have the opportunity to overcome our biological limits and become extraordinary? Yeah, well and especially when the science is there, the the opportunity is there like I don't know understand why people would want to cap like the capability of of humanity and not like take it that extra step further to see like what is possible. Uh that's exactly right. Um, and uh the uh reality is that when the history of our era is written, the transition from humans 1.0 to humans 2.0 will be such an obvious one, right? Yeah. And we see the rise of enhancement drugs already. Um, Osepik, the the trillion dollar wonder drug is prescribed off label in the United States 83% of the time. It's a diabetes medication, but it's used for image enhancement purposes. Um, and if you walk around the streets of Los Angeles or Miami, it's very clear that humans are enhanced, some humans at least. Um, and uh Hollywood has been the center of this. So, why shouldn't we allow enhancements in a clinically supervised safe manner to be done in sports. And and so much of scientific progress has been held back by a bunch of sports bureaucrats at the Olympic Committee. Yeah. And it's it's honestly a shame because who knows like what could have been discovered in that time, but starting now is better than later, right? That's that's right. Yeah. And and I think it's pretty simple. As I said, an athlete breaks the world record. There's going to create immense consumer demand for enhancement products. That's going to create a multi-billion, maybe even trillion dollar um ecosystem, which will fund more money into research and development, which means it's better, more effective, safer compounds. And it becomes a positive feedback cycle. Uh and I think the conclusion of that uh effort is where aging becomes a disease that we can treat, here and eventually solve. Yeah, on man, having a hand in that. That's that would be quite the legacy. It's it's quite the legacy. You know, I've built uh 10 companies. I've got three successful exits. My mom often tells me I should be retired. I'm only 39 years old, but I can't think of anything more motivating than to wake up every day and go and work with the most talented and extraordinary people in the world to bring the enhanced movement to life. And I don't think of this as a company or as a business. I think of this is a a social political and scientific movement that will inevitably lead to super humanity. Yeah, man. And you know, just like the Olympics, potentially has the ability to like kind of bring people together in a certain way around around a a of game the games so to speak. Yeah, and not just the games but also the shared mission of overcoming our limits through science. So I think of our our the unifying moments of humanity. Uh the most important ones have been scientific discoveries or engineering discoveries like the Apollo moon landing. Uh, and so can't we bring the world on a journey together. Not divided by nations but united by science where we all work together to solve aging. Okay, well that's a perfect kind of segue because I'm curious like I have questions about like the if okay. I want to hear kind of your idea of like how you're going to set it up. Like is it going to be a semi-annual thing? Will it be like patients competing against each other or will it be like based on teams of scientists? I don't like kind of tell me like what what your vision is for it? Yeah, so my vision for it is an annual competition, so not every four years but every year because athletes need more opportunities to engage and monetize. So athletes can make more money because of more content. Um, in terms of organization, athletes will represent themselves but also their countries. So think of it like tennis or Formula One. So, you know, when you watch the tennis, it will say, you know, Novak Djokovic of Serbia, but he's not representing team Serbia. He's representing himself. He's still wearing the Serbian flag, but it's a lot smaller. Because I think the era of nationalism is over. And there's a huge opportunity to present a different format here. The Olympics can still have the nationalist narrative. And then most important importantly, we're only focused on the sports that have the highest television and social media impact. So these are sports like uh track, swimming, combat, gymnastics and weightlifting. And these are five sports that have low infrastructural requirements. They don't require specialist uh stadiums. Uh and this avoids the core problem about the Olympic games, which is that they build a dozen stadiums and they throw them away after two weeks. So you can walk down the Plusla Concord or the in Paris. And they are tearing down infrastructure that costs hundreds of millions of dollars to build uh at gigantic ways. So, you can go to Rio, you can go to London, you can go to Athens and see the ruins of Olympic access in all these empty stadiums. And we're going to avoid that problem by focusing on the sports that matter uh that we have the lowest level of infrastructure requirement. Awesome. That's and then so kind of similar to Formula 1, each athlete will have their team of like engineers and and and scientists behind them. That's right. So, Formula One is a a great parallel. It's the combination of the athlete and the engineer working together. And in hence, it's the athlete and the scientist. And the reality is that if you're a performance car manufacturer, you have to compete in Formula One because it's the ultimate demonstration of your engineering prowess. Yeah. And at in hence, um scientists and pharmaceutical companies will have to participate. They will they will have to sponsor because it is the ultimate amount for showing the effectiveness of their products. That makes perfect sense. Yeah, and so there will probably be like a lot of like pharmaceutical companies sponsoring sponsoring athlete teams and that sort of thing. That's right. Um, and I don't think it's just um pharmaceutical companies because if you think of a brand like Nike, they have $114 billion dollar market capitalization that is based on one core mythology, which is that the fastest people in the world wear their shoes. And the reality is that the fastest people in the world will no doubt be at the enhanced games. And so if you're a Nike, you don't just need to sponsor the enhanced games, you sort of have to. Um, because you your entire brand is built on this one fact. Um, and it's I think it's actually becomes very simple. As human beings were hard wired to uh want to see the best. We don't care if they're black or white, which are poor, amateur or professional, natural or enhanced. We just want to see the fastest and the best athletes compete. And with world records being broken at the enhanced games, fans, broadcasters, host cities, athletes will all just want to be at the enhanced games. They wouldn't want to be part of the old slow Olympics. They want to be part of the fast, modern enhanced games. I like that I like that take on it. It's I do I that has been one of my, well, it's like kind of the big question, right? Like how how do you overcome the stigma of like drugs and like get athletes and companies like Nike interested in like participating in this? And so so there there is a great historic parallel. From 1896 until 1992, professional athletes were banned from a limited competition. Uh being a professional athlete was seen as cheating. it was seen as polluting the integrity of sport. It was seen as being ungentlemanly. And what ended up happening is that professional athletes were just a lot better than amateur athletes and now we don't even think of amateurism as a factor of sportsmanship. And in the same way, it's a snowball effect. So when I started the enhanced games, people were like, Aaron, you're just crazy. All right, this is not going to go anywhere, no one will support this. You're going to ruin your the brand that you built up and the reputation that you've worked so hard for for so long. And now investors are throwing money at me like I I can't even believe. Um, and uh cities are lining up to host the games. Uh athletes are lining up to participate, sponsors message me every day, media companies message me every day. Uh and there's such interest in what we're doing and it becomes a compounding effect. And uh you know, um I think it's actually just very very simple. One or two athletes breaking a couple of world records at the first games and then it's like this thing's clearly happening. Right? It's captivated the global imagination. Um, who's going to want to watch old slow sports and the reality is that athletes get more famous as their careers go on but their bodies decline. And so Cristiano Ronaldo who's almost 40 years old now, has more Instagram followers than he's ever had, but he's not able to play football at the same level. But science and technology will allow him to extend his careers and this is actually will drive him at peak monetization. So it's so athletes are highly incented to support enhancements because it increases their careers and longevity. Well, and that that's that's an interesting point too because it's like it's almost already happening, right? It's just we've just we've drawn a line where we say like these are okay enhancements. These ones are are not legal to use. Yeah, and and that's always been a very blurry line. So for example, creatine. When creatine came out uh after the 1996 Atlanta Olympics, it was built as a super steroid. Um, you know, it was, you know, read the headlines in the New York Times. It said it's cheating no matter how you uh however you look at it. Now, creatine, you can get in your protein shake at Joe in the juice. It's everywhere. Right? It's everywhere, right? Like um and and uh, you know, it's very clear like governments, whether it was in East Germany, the United States, Russia or China, have undertaken state sanctioned doping programs. And the best athletes in the world, 44% of athletes admit to using banned substances in the last year. Yeah, and it that's that's I've talked with my friends about this too. Like the Olympics like so much of this is already happening at the Olympics under, you know, under the table and like they're trying to be sneaky about it and the cheating is going on like it's all like the Olympics are kind of an enhanced games in their own right but like a really not I I don't know. It's hidden. It's hidden. So, you know, an athlete who goes on to bodybuilding.com and get some bro science and order some drugs online is not doing it the right way. Right? The enhanced games is all about high quality clinical supervision with full regulatory support. And so the outcomes were will be better. Even if an athlete is already in the hand stand competing in Olympic competition, they're trying to hide from the drug testers. Yeah. So instead of hiding, let's do it all out in the open. Let's generate, you know, a very high quality research data that we can use to improve compounds to improve performance and improve safety. Uh, and I always believe that um shining a light upon the darkness will will lead to a better and safer outcome. What would the um the research that you're generating from this be a source of revenue for the games as well? No doubt. No doubt. And what I always pointed, you know, Osempic is worth $1 trillion added to the market capitalization of Nova Nordisk and Eli Lily. Yeah. If you add up the value of all the artificial intelligence startups including Open AI, they're only worth 200 billion. So one enhancement drug is worth 5x of all of artificial intelligence. Get get that around your head about how big this market is. is. The human enhancements market is the largest market ever in the history of the world. Okay, so it seems like that might even be your like main source of revenue from this. Do you think like how would would viewership like are are you planning how will people like watch it? Is it something that they'll have to like pay for a subscription to a service? Um it'll be on a major streaming service and our partners on social media. So our goal is make it very accessible for everyone to view. That's awesome because I that was some one of the big things that it's been this way forever but like this year I heard a lot of people griping about like man I'd love to watch the Olympics but I don't have a subscription to it. Yeah, I'm like I'm not on like peacock or something right? Yeah, yeah exactly. So that's that's really cool to hear man. Um, what it what's the timeline on this thing man? Like when is the first enhanced games going to happen? So, uh we'll send you an invitation to the media a launch event which will happen December January of this year. We're just locking down the date now. Where are you where are you based? I'm in Colorado. Colorado. It's it's definitely going to be in the United States. Okay. And it's going to be like an Apple style keynote announcement. So Apple doesn't say hey here's a you know one feature and then another feature another feature they just say this is the new iPhone and it's amazing. And so at a keynote address I'm going to be outlining where the games are when they are. Uh, the delivery partners, the key athletes, prize money, the whole nine yards. Um, and uh, I can tell you it's going to be absolutely amazing. We're already scrifting it out and uh I I I can't uh give you the sneak peek on it, but it's going to be really good. That's awesome, man. That's that has to be really exciting. That's had I mean, that's coming up. It's coming up. Yeah. Yeah, my my team uh is is is writing my speech as we speak uh and you know, we're in very close negotiations with host cities uh to deliver the games. Uh and uh it's going to be a very very exciting announcement and I think the members of the Olympic Committee are going to be absolutely shocked when they hear uh that announcement. Oh man, what to be a to be a fly on the wall in that room. Um, Aaron, man I I really really appreciate you taking the time to talk with me today. This is like such a fascinating idea idea and I'm so stoked to write about it, man. Great, wonderful. Well, when the article comes out uh let me know if there's anything else we can do to help uh just loop in I think Mike from my team is our director communications. Yeah. Uh and we're um very pleased to you know, have you to to share our story. Really means a lot to us because you know, at the end of the day, you know, this was just an idea that I had sitting in my apartment in Miami less than two years ago and now um we've captured a whole global conversation and we've shifted the entire discourse and it's thanks to people like you. So thank you very much for making the time. Oh, absolutely man. I'm I'm very excited. Um, yeah, I'll share a link with with your team once once it's up. Okay, great. You have a lovely day. Perfect. You as well. Thanks. Bye.